feat(analytics): Add new time picker options (#5030)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/konnect/analytics-intervals.md

  - interval: "Previous month"
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily"
    notes: "Logs any traffic in the previous calendar month."
  - interval: "Last 90 days"

>     aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly, Monthly"

Author: ```suggestion
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly"
```

>     notes: "Data is aggregated in daily, weekly, or monthly increments."

Author: ```suggestion
    notes: "Data is aggregated in daily or weekly increments."
```

  - interval: "Last 180 days"
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly, Monthly"

>     notes: "Data is aggregated in daily, weekly, or monthly increments."

Author: ```suggestion
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly"
    notes: "Data is aggregated in daily or weekly increments."
```

  - interval: "Last 365 days"
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Weekly, Monthly"

>     notes: "Data is aggregated in weekly or monthly increments."

Author: ```suggestion
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Weekly"
    notes: "Data is aggregated in weekly increments."
```

  - interval: "Current quarter"
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly, Monthly"

>     notes: "Logs any traffic in the current calendar quarter. Data is aggregated in daily, weekly, or monthly increments."

Author: ```suggestion
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly"
    notes: "Logs any traffic in the current calendar quarter. Data is aggregated in daily or weekly increments."
```

  - interval: "Previous quarter"
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly, Monthly"

>     notes: "Logs any traffic in the previous calendar quarter. Data is aggregated in daily, weekly, or monthly increments."

Author: ```suggestion
    aggregation_increment_frequency: "Daily, Weekly"
    notes: "Logs any traffic in the previous calendar quarter. Data is aggregated in daily or weekly increments."
```
